added further docs about different scenarios with terminal id filter (#371)
fiskaltrust/interface-doc: doc/instore-app/multiterminal-support/multiterminal.md

Reviewer: In general I think the "Multi terminal settings" chapter is not really correct and has to be modified (the one before the new change):

- Why should someone want to set the same terminal ID on all the devices? If they do they could just leave it empty.
- Why is the `Operation Mode` relevant for using multiple services. It changes how the device behaves and it can be configured on site as needed completely independent if there is just a single terminal or many.
- Why is `Use Local Configuration` relevant for multi terminal setups? (same as for the operation mode)
- The `Printer` setup is depending on how and where a single terminal is used. Using multiple terminals does not change that. So it should be configured individually as needed. (same as for operation mode)

Suggestion: Do remove the current content of the `Multi terminal settings` and replace it with the new content (see below suggestion)

Author: Removed wrong informations.

---

> 
> ## Receipt Display in Multi-Terminal Setups
> 
> The display of receipts on connected devices is determined by the Terminal ID configuration.  
> The following rules apply:

Reviewer: This is not only true for receipt display but also for payments

```suggestion

## Rules for Multi-Terminal Setups

To execute actions on connected devices, like executing a payment or display a receipt, the devices, on which an action is executed, are determined by the Terminal ID configuration which acts as a filter. 

The following rules apply:
```
